
Privacy policy  
The Salvation Army Song Book is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We don't collect personal data and we don't use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you.
This application is designed to run offline without internet connection.  And so we physically don’t collect any data about you. We don’t have anywhere to store it. The application is not running on top of database server. With this application, what happens on your device remains on your device. We don’t have a way to know or tell what you are doing. This is the best way to safeguard your privacy

Privacy notice

At all times we aim to respect any personal information you share with us when you contact us through email or phone. This notice contains important information about your personal rights to privacy. Please read it carefully to understand how we use your personal information.

The provision of your personal information is only necessary when contacting us to enable communication technology deliver the message to us.

1. We collect information about you:
i.	Use a mobile device or web browser to access our content
ii.	Contact us via email, social media, or on any similar technologies
iii.	When you mention us on social media
iv.	Technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the internet, when downloading and installing the mobile application.

In general, we may combine your personal information from these different sources for the purposes set out in this notice.
 
2. What personal information do we process?


We do not process or store any information in the App or elsewhere except that is send via G-Mail or social media that is stored within the system of communication method. The following are personal information that can reach us from you.

Your name and contact detail, including postal address, telephone number, email address and, where applicable, social media identity;

3. How and why will we use your personal information?


Your personal information, whenever provided to us, will be used for the purposes specified in this notice. In particular, we may use your personal information.

i.	To provide you with services, products or information you have requested and nothing more;
ii.	For the prevention of fraud or misuse of our services; and/or
iii.	For the establishment, defense and/or enforcement of legal claims.

4. How long do we keep your personal information?


In general, unless still required in connection with the purpose(s) for which it was collected and/or processed, we remove your personal information from our records six years after the date it was received. However, if before that date (i) your personal information is no longer required in connection with such purpose(s), (ii) we are no longer lawfully entitled to process it or (iii) you validly exercise your right of erasure 

If you request to receive no further contact from us, we will keep some basic information about you on our suppression list in order to comply with your request and avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future.

 
5. Will we share your personal information?


We do not share personal information for any other purpose than to carry out communications between you and us. Therefore, if the information can be shared, will not be shared on other purpose but for that it was initially collected for. 

We may need to disclose your personal information upon request to regulatory and government bodies as well as law enforcement agencies. We may also merge or partner with other organizations and, in so doing, acquire or transfer personal information but your personal information would continue to be used for the purposes set out above.
6. Security/ storage of and access to your personal information

We are committed to keeping your personal information safe and secure and we have appropriate and proportionate security policies in place to help protect your information. For example, your personal information is only accessible by authorized persons. Your personal information will be stored securely via platforms is shared such as email server.

Unfortunately, no transmission of your personal information over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure – however, once we have received your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try and prevent unauthorized access.

7. Exercising your Rights
i.	Right of access – you can write to us to ask for confirmation of what personal information we hold about you and to request a copy of that information. Provided we are satisfied that you are entitled to see the information requested and we have successfully confirmed your identity, we will provide you with your personal information subject to any exemptions that apply.
ii.	Right of erasure – at your request and where you are entitled to, we will delete your personal information from our records as far as we are required to do so. In many cases we would propose to suppress further communications with you, rather than delete it.
iii.	Right of rectification – if you believe our records of your personal information are inaccurate, you have the right to ask for those records to be updated. You can also ask us to check the personal information we hold about you if you are unsure whether it is accurate/ up to date.
iv.	Right to restrict processing – you have the right to ask for processing of your personal information to be restricted if there is disagreement about its accuracy or legitimate usage.
v.	Right to object – you have the right to object to processing where we are (i) processing your personal information on the basis of the legitimate interests ground, (ii) using your personal information for direct marketing or (iii) using your information for research or statistical purposes.
vi.	Right to data portability – to the extend where we are processing your personal information by automated means and either (i) because we have obtained your consent, or (ii) because such processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contact, you may ask us to provide your personal information to you – or another service provider – in a machine-readable format.

vii.	Rights related to automated decision-making – you have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing of your personal information which produces legal or similarly significant effects on you, unless such a decision (i) is necessary to enter into/ perform a contract between you and us/ another data controller; (ii) is based on your explicit consent. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing personal information requested to you. 

Please note that some of these rights only apply in limited circumstances. For more information, we suggest that you contact us using the details in 10 below.

8. Limits of Our Policy

Our App may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
9. Changes to This Policy

At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes here at the same link by which you are accessing this privacy policy.
If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt in to or opt out of, as applicable, any new uses of your personal information.


10. How to contact us
Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns about this notice or about the way in which Green Alliance processes your personal information by contacting us at the following channels:
Contact Person: Ronald Wekesa
Email: wafuteck@gmail.com
Mobile: +254717245218

Telephone: +44 (0)20 7233 7433


